Wait a minute it's miss
This Mr. Chen is our friend.
Go let him stay here
I rely on my luck
As soon as I went out, I met Chen Qiaosheng
The future richest man
You two are
Hello, Mr. Chen.
My name is Lu Yao
Mr. Lu, thank you for listening to my explanation just now.
You're welcome.
You are no ordinary person
Why would Mr. Lu say that?
Hey
Here's my card.
I will contact you later.
Let me discuss with you how to develop the game display.
Good Mr. Lu
I will definitely contact you.
I'll go first then.
Just take advantage of today's stage
Open my Lu Yao's name
listen
This occasion
You didn't come in, did you?
Who am I?
So it's my sister?
They have all left the Shi family
What are you doing at this party?
You can come
I don't know why
Hey
You don't speak
I thought there was no beggar.
Hold your dirty hands